Add Keycloak Restore procedure (#64)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/deploy/backup/keycloak.md

    identifier:
---

> This guide shows you the procedure to back up Keycloak on your Rhize Kubernetes deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to back up Keycloak on your Rhize Kubernetes deployment.
```

1. Check the logs for the Keycloak pods, either in Lens or with [`kubectl logs`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#logs).
    Ensure there are no errors.

1. Retrieve the Keycloak user password using the following command, replacing <namespace> with your namespace:

  ```bash
  kubectl get secret keycloak-<namespace>-postgresql -o jsonpath="{.data.postgres-password}" | base64 --decode
  ```

> 1. Execute a command on the Keycloak Postgres pod to perform a full backup, replacing <namespace> with your namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute a command on the Keycloak Postgres pod to perform a full backup, replacing <NAMESPACE> with your namespace:
```

  ```bash

>   kubectl exec -i keycloak-<namespace>-postgresql-0 -- pg_dumpall -U postgres | gzip > keycloak-postgres-backup-$(date +"%Y%m%dT%I%M%p").sql.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubectl exec -i keycloak-<NAMESPACE>-postgresql-0 -- pg_dumpall -U postgres | gzip > keycloak-postgres-backup-$(date +"%Y%m%dT%I%M%p").sql.gz
```
